Just a reminder that some of the lectures were recorded when you went to sixteen point zero four was
still the latest Altius release.
Not much has changed from 16 04 to 18 04 and now 20 04.
The configuration largely remains the same.
But you need to be aware that your VFP inversion differs from one LTE release to the next.
You can see that quite clearly in the slot 16 zero four seven eight zero four seven point to twenty
zero for the HP, seven point for that.
You need to keep in mind.
Another aspect is over time, certain directors are optimized or changed slightly to either improve
performance or security.
The House director is responsible for WordPress.
Pretty permalink in the default file.
We have trifocals files.
Urai you are slash equals four four.
In the video lectures I change the equals four four to slash index questionmark dollar args.
That has changed and the recommended configuration is now slightly different.
You need to add a dollar is underscore args after index dot speak.
These changes are indicated in the PDF files that are attached to the relevant lecture.
In this lecture we are going to continue configuring Ingenix server blocks, the commands you'll be
using in this section.
You've used all of them before, Kopi Nano, Ingenix half and T as well as reloading Ingenix.
They are two configuration files default and a new configuration file which we shall create.
They are both found in the Etsy Ingenix sites available directory.
They are quite a few new directives which you're going to be exposed to.
Before we get to them, let's move over to terminal in the sites available directory.
I'm going to list the files.
We have default and we have our default date back.
We need to make a copy of the default file sudo seip default.
The name that we giving the file this time is our domain name.
In my case, WPEC allai dot com and listing will display the file.
WPEC yellow dot com.
That's open file we have just created using Nenna.
The contents of WPK ally dot com correspond with the default file.
Let's look at the information that's contained in WPEC allai dot com.
All the information is enclosed in a server block at the top we have the listen director.
The and directive sits the port on which the server will accept requests.
At the moment our server is only accepting requests on Port Eighty, which is the HTP port.
Now we come to the default server.
When you look at the configuration file for our site, there is nothing in the file that refers to our
domain name.
This file is WP Ally dot com.
There is nothing in this file that mentions the domain name.
If I open my browser and I type in my IP address, I get welcome to Ingenix.
If I type in my domain name, I get welcome to Ingenix.
If I type in w w w dot followed by my domain name, I get welcome to Ingenix if I type Inforum dot wpec
allai dot com the same.
Welcome to Ingenix when a request is made to your server.
In the case of WPEC Alikhan, if Engine X cannot fulfill that request, which it can't do, there is
nothing in this file that relates to WPEC allai dot com engine X then displays what is called the default
server.
If you look a little further down, we have the server name direct of the underscore that you see there.
You could call a catch all name.
So what's happening is I'm typing WPEC ally dot com.
So the request comes in to the server for that particular server name.
The server name directive is where you define your virtual servers.
The names, the server names should be WPEC align dot com.
I don't have that name there.
I have an underscore.
So the request comes in for WPEC allai dot com.
Ingenix cannot fulfill the request that's made for that particular server name.
What happens then is Engine X displays the default server, which in this case, if you.
Underneath, listen, you have the root directive that sits the root directory for requests, so my
request for WPC Allai dot com was handled by the default server, the default server.
The route is slash far slash W W W slash HTML.
And underneath you have the index director.
Now, the index directive defines the files that will be used as an index.
These files are checked in the specified order.
So Engine X will run along that list.
It will find the file index dot, engine X, hyphen Debian and display that file.
We also have two location contexts.
The first one does not have a modifier.
There is no modifier.
The TRA files directive we will need to edit to accommodate pretty permalink in WordPress with the current
directive.
Engine X will check for the file at the funeral, then engine X will check for a directory.
If he doesn't find a file or directory A 404 is displayed.
The second location context.
It's a case sensitive regular expression match for any files ending in p p engine X cannot process P.
It relies on p, p, fpm to process the p p in this particular location context.
Engine X is forwarding any files that end in DOT to a back end process p p if BPM and it's using the
fast CGI protocol.
Now we need to edit this file to set up our site.
You can only have one default server.
The default server is located in the file default.
You need to remove default server.
The directive, where is our site located in the filesystem slash va slash w w w slash WPEC allai dot
com slash public underscore html.
So we've specified our sites right now.
We need to define the index file.
We are setting up a WordPress site.
All we need is index dot p p, the server name, WPEC ally dot com and w w w dot wallowed by the domain
name.
We need to edit this location context.
You can remove the equals for ofl and change it to slash index dot p p questionmark dollar.
R.G. is semicolon.
That will enable pretty permalink.
All we are saying is when a request is made, if engine X cannot find a file, it must look for a directory
with that name.
If not, it must fall back to a indexed dot before it's close.
Neno saving the changes you have made to the file.
We need to test the configuration test is successful.
I'm going to go back one level now.
You have a site available where we have been working and you have a directory called Sites Enabled.
When you create a configuration file for a site in the sites available directory, you need to enable
that particular site.
You do that by creating a link from the sites available to the sites enabled directory sudo URL in I
Finniss.
We are creating a symbolic link followed by the full path to the file leave Espace, followed by the
full path to the sites enabled.
Finally, add the name at the end, it's changed to sites enabled, there is a file default followed
by WP ally dot com to enable WPEC ally.
We need to firstly test the configuration, which is successful and straight afterwards, we need to
reload the configuration.
So at this stage, all we need to do is install WordPress, once we've installed WordPress, we can
then secure WordPress using both a command line and Ingenix, and then we will use surfboat to install
our SSL certificates in this lecture.
We covered the initial steps in configuring your server blocks, which will enable you to display your
WordPress sites.